Update Onboarding and Contributing docs (#146)
WorldHealthOrganization/app: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing

## Process Guidelines

While we're working quickly, please abide by a few rules to keep us safe and sane:

> * Enable 2FA for your account, and use hardware keys if possible (mandatory if you are a committer)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Enable 2FA for your account, and use hardware keys if possible (mandatory if you are a committer)
* Assign issues to yourself before you begin work to avoid duplicate effort.  If someone else already has the issue, please sync up before-hand.
* Assign PRs to the one or more reviewers whose approval you require.  All other reviewers are nice-to-have.
* If you are blocked on someone else, be bold and assign the issue directly to them so they are aware.
* If you have a PR assigned to you, consider it a high priority as you are likely blocking your colleague.
```

## Pull Requests

Please follow the [default Pull Request template](https://github.com/WorldHealthOrganization/app/blob/master/.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE/default_pull_request_template.md) when creating your PR, and follow these rules:

* For authors, before you submit a PR for review:

>   * Add your name to the [LICENSE](LICENSE) contributor list if its your first commit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Add your name to the end of the `team` array in the [content/credits.yaml](content/credits.yaml) contributor list if its your first commit.
```

>   * 2 person rule - the approver must be distinct from the author (including for admins).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * 2 person rule - any code can be committed only with the blessing of at least one person with commit authority who is not the author of the PR (applies to admins too)
```

>   * Use squash and merge if intermediate commit history is not of approvable quality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Committers must use the `Squash and Merge` function for merging a PR.
```
